[Music]
hello it's Ruby and I'm sorry that it's
so late it's nearly 12:00
so I've just taken out my first two
books from the library and I've got the
other of the other by Derrida and then
also this one called the person and
place of Jesus Christ by PT Fawcett both
of them look really interesting nylons
really related to my modules but at the
same time it's just about interest I
suppose and once again I am bypassing
the stairs and during the lift instead
please try not to think too badly of me
okay so here is my desiccated sandwich
I've just got out of a car there and
then this is this piece of bread has got
tapanade and pasta one this one's got
hummus and then I've just fried up some
peppers mushrooms and onions and at the
same time I'm making this little study
plan a list of things I need to do
before my lectures start so I'm just
kind of basically going through ele
which is the online system of Exeter and
seeing if there's anything that's been
set that I need to do before my first
lecture
[Music]
okay so it's about 10:30 and my friend
Liz has just left so she literally lives
over them not over the road but over the
corridor and so we decided to have a
mini movie night so I made hot chocolate
and this patron popcorn basically I like
salted and she likes sweets so she got
two bags and yeah this was our nice
little cozy setup and we watched to all
the boys I've loved before which was
surprisingly very good it was really
well shot and very I loved I loved the
aesthetic of the film I think I'm gonna
have a shower because I want to wash my
hair and then I'm gonna go to bed